DESIGNING DATA FORTRESSES
A Data Fortress is any type of computer
system that is defended by programs and
armored with data walls.

Central Processing Units
Choose how many CPU you will have in your system, paying 10,000 eb for each one. Pick a
clear space on your graph paper and place
each of your CPUs in a square of the grid.

Computer Intelligence: For every CPU,
the INT of the computer is raised by 3
points. INT is important; it's what the
computer used in lieu of REF and other
stats when performing tasks; it's also used
when the computer brings it's Interface skill
into play to make attacks or defenses. The
maximum number of CPU you may have
on any one system is 7.

Memory
With each CPU, you will get four memories. Memory is where you will store
Programs, Skills, Files and Virtual Realities
(more on all of these later). Memories must
be placed in squares adjacent to each
other or the CPU.
Memory Units: Programs, Skills, Files and
Virtual Realities are all measured in avalue
called Memory Units (MU). Each individual memory can hold 10 Memory Units.
This means for example, that a single
memory might hold a couple of 1 MU Files,
a couple 2 MU Programs, and a 6MU
Virtual Reality before it was filled up.

Construct Data Walls
The data wall encloses your system on all
sides, top and bottom. Its strength is
equal to the number of CPU present,
plus 1000eb spent for every additional
level added to the wall, up to a Strength of
10.
For example, with three CPU, Syntek 15 has
a Strength 3 data wall. However, 3000eb are
spent to upgrade this wall to a Strength 6.
The wall can be in any shape, and cover as
much area as desired (although putting a
lot of empty space in a system probably is
a waste of time.

Place Code Gates
Code gates are how information moves
between the Net and the system. Each
CPU comes with one code gate. Additional ones can be purchased at 2,000eb
each.
Code gates start with a Strength of 2.
However, for 1,000eb, you can raise a code
gate by one level of Strength, up to level
10.

Create Key Files
Files are where you keep the important
information of a computer. Secret plans,
lists of enemies, the missing three minutes
of the Watergate tapes, etc. Often, a file
will contain useful information or clues to
a problem facing your Cyberpunk team. At
the very least, a Netrunner can sell or trade
the contents for something useful, which is
why they took up this dangerous oсcupation to begin with.
At this point, you'll want to decide what
kinds of files are in your computer system
and where you'll store them. Files are always placed in a memory for storage. Each
file (no matter what type), uses 1 MU.

Defenses
These are the programs that are used to
keep the Netrunners from sneaking in and
messing with your nice new system. You
may select any program from the master list.
A program can be placed anywhere in the
system (inside a memory, CPU, a blank
space, etc.) However, you must subtract its
MU cost from one of your memories.
Most programs are stationary; once you
place them in the system, they stay there.
However, Hellhounds, Killers and Demons
are all mobile, and can patrol up to 1
square outside the data walls of their resident systems.

